well this going off of new discussing
you know what a personal we didn't group
with me like I know you've mentioned on
more than one occasion starting
something in Canada right like what
would you like what would you have in
mind exactly i mean the problem i guess
geographically right away we have an
issue there like i know you really enjoy
market mod vegan like i know you get
very high later well you know in calgary
so like I first would I guess i could
earn right like well how would you like
what are you winning a picture good boy
it's a few years in the future but you
me and mod vegan could be the founding
members because i think really big part
of the common ground that me and not
vegan have and then i think it's also
going around you and i have is the
interest in the education system in
school boards in logging school boards
and you can kind of do the same work
like so-called public education and
outreach i think a lot of that is going
to be the same work that goes into
trying to educate schools is trying to
influence the school system itself so i
think educational policy and it's also
really positive for fundraising like I
already have this experience now I did
this children's book and you know I can
do more I can do more show those books I
can do a whole series can be like
Curious George we can have a to placing
blocks secrets you know all indirectly
vegan propaganda for children but that's
something really positive to do
fundraising for and I'll say this I
would not feel ithaca doing fundraising
saying hey donate money to us we're
gonna go like throw rocks at the park
warden because he shoots deer and that's
the kind of [ __ ] that goes on in can
people who are so hysterical about the
deer call that they want to go and like
fight the cops who are killing deer you
like there's an emotional level on which
it can relate blah blah blah but every
[ __ ] day my boss at work wears
leather shoes and as a leather purse so
who's gonna who will be the first to
throw stones you know it's such [ __ ]
to me but on the financial level and the
accountability to your donors I would
feel totally positive asking for
donations and taking your money and
spending it when I can say to you this
year we published this book this year
you know we published this pamphlet and
we went to this
let's say in this year we went to six
Board of Education meetings where we
presented this case and I feel what you
build a case on is basically saying look
you must exclude propaganda from the
meat and dairy industry for the same
reasons you must exclude the cigarette
industry like it's not acceptable to
teach children that eggs are healthy and
they should eat an egg every day because
the the egg board is donating money for
the same reasons that it's not
acceptable for the cigarette supporter
that's just negative like you know we're
not trying to force you to pro vegan
propaganda we just want to limit i think
i just say i would feel totally
comfortable and confident asking your
grandmother to donate money you know
what I mean any person for that cause
and I can show you that we did it i can
show you the outcomes whether it's again
publishing the children's storybooks or
just hey we went to the meeting we went
to the board meeting and this is what we
present to the school board and you go
to a lot there's no equal a lot of
school board meetings in a year you know
to make that case so I think in Canada I
think that education is really the the
positive thing I can see building on in
the next ten years I have a kid so I
have a bias that way mod vegan has I
think two kids you know so that's also i
mean people are people are into that
long term and i think that gives you a
mission and mandate where you're also
maybe you know you kind of discipline
your group where you say look this is
not about you know this is not about
throwing stones at the slaughterhouse
you know i mean it everyone involved
it's clear as soon as you sign up this
is what we're doing this is the kind of
professionalism this is the sort of
long-term you know vision see ya within
canada that's that's what I do yeah I
mean obviously I I like that that's what
I wanted to do any way through we're
gone the Board of Education so I'm on
board with that I guess like just like
even you talking about funding no I'm
just thinking about my own City here in
Ontario like anything you any vegan ever
heard donates to it's just the local
farm sanctuary
you know in this lake okay yes that's
not bad but what's this really
accomplishing rate is like is this
really the best thing you can be putting
their dollars towards and I find like
even like I don't know like the extent
of the activism that the animal rights
groups not affiliated with the
university does is just going to the
local water house and holding a vigil
for the chickens you know so that the
chickens can feel some love before
before they die for the first time in
their life and you know not to be not to
get poetics but I think honestly like if
the chickens are feeling anything from
you I think the only thing the chickens
are feeling towards you i guess i should
say is hatred you know like I don't
think those chickens look at you and are
feeling the love like I just frustrating
to me that this is all I think I don't
want to take away from these people's
experiences there I realize this is an
emotional subject again it's sensitive
subjects but I just surely we can be
doing something better a lot of that
stuff is dead ended but it does have an
emotional purpose of the people involved
and I don't want to like piss on that
emotional purpose like you know I think
there's a question to what extent is our
activism for vegans to make us feel
better about ourselves to build up our
self-esteem as vegans and I don't mean
that as an insult like I think there's a
sense in which somebody can be really
timorous and go to a pig save and then
leave that takes a feeling you know what
veganism is really important in my life
I have a sense of moral purpose it can
build your self-esteem as a vegan and
I'm not joking you know what I mean
we're because you've attended a vigil at
a pig pig slaughter house order chicken
slaughterhouse where you know you have
that emotional connection with the other
vegans there with witnessing to certain
animals would that motivate you okay but
that's ultimately didn't that's that's
something that's vegans doing something
to make vegans feel better you know and
the example of the the educational
materials whether it's my story book or
you know lobbying the board of ed or
trying to influence government policy
that stuff
that's not for us that's really for the
future that's for the future the moment
that's for the people who are not vegan
yet that's exactly what it's for right I
mean that's the influence the people who
are pre vegan or you know we've never
heard of it so no I think you know
there's something to be said for both
but again if it's my time and my money
and I'm asking you for your money that's
where I would take it yeah where I
really believe in having outcomes
real-world outcomes yes